car barrels down nine
and Red River goes down Red River and
hits multiple people South by Southwest
2014 unfortunate very sad multiple
people down all the way down the street
people hurt injured bad
people down every 10 feet
everywhere you look somebody's been hit
CPR
hey stop what happened we're standing in
line to get in mohawk we have a badge
holders line and a regular line and
everybody's mind in the business that we
just hear or sweat sudden bursts of wind
and someone hit me from behind like that
and I look to the side and I saw a gray
look like a Subaru like a 90 something
Subaru and it just can't Road over some
people littered it all the way down and
I just remember seeing people bouncing
off on the street all the way rolling
down tap past ten and then that's when
there's cops coming through and a
helicopter chasing them and everybody
was just scattered and the cops came
through checking on as they went by
how many cop cars were in pursuit at
least - at least - thank you stop that
DB respect what what exactly happened
well we were waiting to get into the
show and we were like around the side
and all these people right here I think
those people are dead honestly and it
caught chase it and now all the cops are
here what was the car like what'd it
look like
how long ago did this happen